Download link :https://programming.engineering/product/ece2312-project-1-solution/


# ECE2312-Project-1-Solution
ECE2312 Project 1 Solution
1. Project Goals

The objective of this course project is to explore how to artificially generated sounds using sinusoidal functions such as sin(x) and cos(x), how to include these sounds with other sound files, and how to remove these sounds using simple filtering techniques. This project will be built on top of the previous project.

Sine Tone Generation

Fourier Transform of a sine signal with frequency ωo is given by the following expression:


Consequently, in any spectrogram we should be able to identify the presence of a sine signal or tone by a horizontal line across time at one specific frequency corresponding to ωo.


5. Combining Sound Files

With the sine tone and chirp signals generated, let us explore how this signal can be added to one of our previous generated speech signals from Project 1.

7. Stereo Fun

Since human beings possess binaural sensory percep3on, in many instances we record and play audio informa3on in stereo rather than mono format. The sounds being listened to are o;en very similar (our brains o;en expect this) with slight diﬀerences coming from the environment and how the sound reaches either ear. However, when stereo audio informa3on is being listened to where one of the two audio channels possesses significantly diﬀerent sounds, then our brains finds this situa3on somewhat uncomfortable.


Link to the Github/Gitlab containing all source code generated by the student team. This code should be in a condition that it can be executed by the teaching assistant to verify its functionality. Moreover, you will run and show this code on February 16.
